# Credit Card Fraud Detection Using Machine Learning
# Pranav Garipelli Masters in Computer Science University of Central Missouri Leesummit, Missouri, USA pxg14880@ucmo.edu
# Anil Kumar Boggavarapu Masters in Computer Science University of Central Missouri Leesummit, Missouri, USA axb16470@ucmo.edu
# Satya Ishyanth Kadali Masters in Computer Science University of Central Missouri Leesummit, Missouri, USA sxk55130@ucmo.edu

The amount of credit card fraud has grown significantly over the years. Due to the growing volume of daily digital trades that make credit cards more vulnerable to fraud, they are the most commonly used digital instalment method. Credit card organizations are looking for the best innovations and circumstances to identify and reduce exchange extortion at the credit score card. The objective is to identify specific instances of false extortion. Neural groups, genetic algorithms, and k-manner bunching are some of the structures that can be used to identify credit card falsification. Over $4 trillion has been generated globally via persistent misrepresentation within the economy. The solution is to rely on project-wide data storage capabilities and cutting-edge field research techniques that support the use of automatic reasoning (AI) and AI (ML) approaches to deal with live one stride in the front of lawbreakers. ML competencies, misrepresentation and consistence devices can make investments their strength handling extra-complicated extortion issues. We presented a machine learning-based transaction fraud detection model using feature engineering. The algorithm can learn from its mistakes and thus improve. You can improve stability and performance by processing as much data as possible. These algorithms can be used in the detection of online fraud transactions. A dataset of specific online transactions is used in these. Then, with the help of machine learning algorithms, we can identify unique or unusual data patterns that can be used to detect fraudulent transactions. For the best results, the XGBoost algorithm, which is a cluster of decision trees, will be used. This algorithm has recently taken over the world of machine learning. This ML algorithm outperforms others in terms of accuracy and speed.
